[//]: # "This file is automatically generated by generate_readme.py"
# ppl-i18n
This repository contains the translated strings for the game [PewPew Live](https://pewpew.live).
## Contributing
Any contribution helps, even if its only a few words or phrases.
(but please only contribute to languages you can speak; no Google Translate)

For information on how to submit changes on GitHub, take a look at this [guide](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/managing-files-in-a-repository/editing-files-in-another-users-repository).

If you contribute a significant amount, I'll put you in the credits!

A few tips for contributing:
* Keep the `%s` as they later get replaced by some other text.
* The text fragments that look like `#ffffffff` encode colors. Keep them!
* Try to have the translations be approximately the same length as the English text.
* Don't hesitate the reword the text to better fit the language.
* In order to reduce merge conflicts, avoid working on a single pull request for multiple days. It's better if you create one pull request per day.
## Adding new languages
If you want to add support for a new language, create a GitHub Issue so that we can discuss
the feasibility.
## Status
* [Afrikaans](/translations/afr.po) (11% complete; 236 remaining)
* [Code](/translations/code.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [German](/translations/deu.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [German](/translations/deu.po) (93% complete; 19 remaining)
=======
* [Dutch](/translations/nld.po) (66% complete; 98 remaining)
* [German](/translations/deu.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
>>>>>>> 5ff4def (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
>>>>>>> c46a2e7 (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
* [Greek](/translations/gre.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [French](/translations/fra.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Croatian](/translations/hrv.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Hungarian](/translations/hun.po) (0% complete; 290 remaining)
* [Indonesian](/translations/ind.po) (90% complete; 28 remaining)
* [Italian](/translations/ita.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Japanese](/translations/jpn.po) (86% complete; 39 remaining)
* [Georgian](/translations/kat.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Korean](/translations/kor.po) (0% complete; 290 remaining)
* [Lithuanian](/translations/lit.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Malay](/translations/msa.po) (0% complete; 290 remaining)
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [Dutch](/translations/nld.po) (66% complete; 98 remaining)
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [Dutch](/translations/nld.po) (0% complete; 290 remaining)
=======
* [Meme-nglish](/translations/meme.po) (93% complete; 18 remaining)
>>>>>>> 5ff4def (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
>>>>>>> c46a2e7 (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
* [Pirate Speak](/translations/pirate.po) (74% complete; 75 remaining)
* [Polish](/translations/pol.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Portuguese](/translations/por.po) (90% complete; 28 remaining)
* [Romanian](/translations/ron.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Russian](/translations/rus.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Simplified Chinese](/translations/chs.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Spanish](/translations/spa.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Tagalog](/translations/tgl.po) (97% complete; 8 remaining)
* [Thai](/translations/tha.po) (0% complete; 290 remaining)
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [Simplified Chinese](/translations/chs.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
* [Simplified Chinese](/translations/chs.po) (92% complete; 22 remaining)
=======
>>>>>>> 5ff4def (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
>>>>>>> c46a2e7 (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
* [Traditional Chinese](/translations/cht.po) (12% complete; 255 remaining)
* [Turkish](/translations/tur.po) (100% complete! 🎉)
* [Ukrainian](/translations/ukr.po) (99% complete; 1 remaining)
<<<<<<< HEAD
> Report generated on Oct 10 2022 02:31:05 UTC
=======
<<<<<<< HEAD
> Report generated on Aug 08 2022 15:02:47 UTC
=======
> Report generated on Oct 13 2022 20:26:56 UTC
>>>>>>> 5ff4def (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
>>>>>>> c46a2e7 (Rework contributors.json into metadata.json. It is now the source of truth for the name and localized names of the languages.)
